This project is under LGPL 3.0 license.

Towel, is a project to make some common tasks easy for Swing developers such as:
Models for Components;
JTable related decorators;
Component binder for Forms;
A new and interesting ActionManager.


For more, see the wiki page:Introduction 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
About this project name
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
This project was named as MarkUtils in the past and after some time, this name was troubling me; so, inspired by the magnum opus of Douglas Adams: The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, I decided to change this project name to: Towel, yeah, really towel, why not? What's usefull than a towel?

The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on the subject of towels.

    "A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitch hiker can have. Partly it has great practical value - you can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant beaches of Santraginus V; you can sleep under it beneath the stars which shine on the desert world of Kakrafoon; wet it for use in hand-tohand-combat; wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal (a mindboggingly stupid animal, it assumes that if you can't see it, it can't see you); you can wave your towel in emergencies as a distress signal, and of course dry yourself off with it if it still seems to be clean enough. 

    More importantly, a towel has immense psychological value. For some reason, if a strag (non-hitch hiker) discovers that a hitch hiker has his towel with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush, face flannel, soap, tin of biscuits, flask, compass, map, ball of string, gnat spray, wet weather gear, space suit etc., etc. Furthermore, the strag will then happily lend the hitch hiker any of these or a dozen other items that the hitch hiker might accidentally have "lost". What the strag will think is that any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the galaxy, rough it, slum it, struggle against terrible odds, win through, and still knows where his towel is is clearly a man to be reckoned with." 
